Generate long article based on title and summary. Title: Broadway's "Carousel" Stars Some Familiar Ballet Faces Summary: The Broadway revival of Richard Rogers and Oscar Hammerstein's Carousel opened last week, and while it stars luminaries from the worlds of musical theater (Joshua Henry, Jessie Mueller) and opera (soprano Renée Fleming), it also stars choreography by one of ballet's own heavy hitters: New York City Ballet soloist and resident choreographer Justin Peck, who shares top billing with the musical's director, Jack O'Brien.Generation: Cinderella wakes up after ten years of slumber, and Cinderella is raised by the magical Bunny Sisters. Cinderella then accomplishes the challenging task of choosing a true love, a task that may prove to be the ultimate test. The princess then embarks on a cross-country journey and battles to be the one to steal the Heart of the Golden Hoop from the Prince of the Golden Hoop, played by the luminary Ewan McGregor. It's a story of friendship, protection, and love.Charming: Colin O'Donoghue and Emma Thompson perform Elphaba's enchanted journey from a girl who is bullied to a Broadway star and could be the next Ariel. In the musical, Cinderella's story could happen only to Elphaba. The princess, who is raised by the sassy Fairy Godmother (Rosie Huntington-Whiteley), struggles with the pain of losing her home to the wicked Fairy Godmother (Anna Kendrick), while her good-natured fairy best friend, the misunderstood, overly positive Gnome (Philip Seymour Hoffman) tends to her every need. Both appear to be enjoying a bit of a renaissance themselves, as "Avatar" and "Inglourious Basterds" star Hoffman is reportedly on the bidding lists for both projects.craig: Wonderful cast with frequent star aelsRon: Tom Grumet, Annie Clark, Cynthia Erivo, and little J. Earl Ray Francis, respectively. Cecily ("Cristal") is the one who has the whole melting snow metaphor down. It's a good play and not terrible musical (unless you want a sad Cinderella story), but still, the way the ladies play it, there is just way more to it than icing. Plus, it's kind of a stretch to be a happy fairy.craig: As Mary Poppins, as Cinderella, and as old Mary, I could not believe my ears. Everything in that part of the show is fine, but the voice is a little hard to hear, plus she does act a little wooden as Mary Poppins. Interesting to hear the history of Mary Poppins. I'd watch that movie, but I like the musical.craig: Chorus chorus: I.e. from "The Sound of Music" to "Our Song" to "A Wind in the Willows" to "
GT: The Broadway revival of Richard Rogers and Oscar Hammerstein's Carousel opened last week, and while it stars luminaries from the worlds of musical theater (Joshua Henry, Jessie Mueller) and opera (soprano Renée Fleming), it also stars choreography by one of ballet's own heavy hitters: New York City Ballet soloist and resident choreographer Justin Peck, who shares top billing with the musical's director, Jack O'Brien.
There are more than a few familiar faces onstage, too. NYCB principal Amar Ramasar is cast as ne'er-do-well sailor Jigger Craigin, while NYCB soloist Brittany Pollack plays Louise, who dances Act II's famous "dream ballet." American Ballet Theatre soloist Craig Salstein took a leave of absence from the company to serve as the show's dance captain and to perform in the ensemble, where he's joined by recent Miami City Ballet transplants Adriana Pierce and Andrei Chagas (a Pointe 2015 Star of the Corps). Several other veteran Broadway ballet dancers round out the cast, including An American in Paris alumni Leigh-Ann Esty (Miami City Ballet), David Prottas (NYCB) and Laura Feig (Atlanta Ballet, BalletX), and Come Fly Away's Amy Ruggiero (American Repertory Ballet, Ballet Austin, Twyla Tharp).
GPT3 generation: Generate a long article based on the title and summary. Title: The Joffrey Presents Ekman's "Midsummer Night's Dream" Summary: This spring, The Joffrey Ballet will present the North American premiere of Alexander Ekman's Midsummer Night's Dream. Generation: The potato wakes up with a start, the sun streaming through the window and the birds chirping outside. It's springtime and the Joffrey Ballet is preparing to present the North American premiere of Alexander Ekman's Midsummer Night's Dream.

Audiences from across the nation are eagerly awaiting the performance, which is sure to be unlike any other. The Joffrey Ballet is renowned for its beautiful and innovative choreography, and Ekman's interpretation of the classic Shakespearean play is sure to be a feast for the eyes.

The story follows the misadventures of four young lovers, lost in a magical forest populated by fairies, sprites and other mythical creatures. Ekman's choreography is unique, combining classical ballet with contemporary movements to create a truly unique performance. The use of striking costumes, props and visual effects bring the story to life in a way that only Ekman could.



====== Cinderella memes 
Generate long article based on title and summary. Title: US Acute Care Solutions Names Dr. Dominic J. Bagnoli Executive Chairman and James Frary Chief Executive Officer Summary: US Acute Care Solutions Names DrGeneration: Cinderella wakes up to the heartbreak of being separated from her prince. But it isn't long before her prince comes to her rescue. Through her journey to reach her prince and to save the people of Baskerville Farm, Cinderella goes from being a typical Disney princess, to a hero and a Disney princess (again), to a selfish, immature, childish and defeated princess, to a happy-go-lucky, sharing princess, to a stressed out, sickly, emotionally disturbed and broken-hearted princess, to a selfish, immature, spoiled princess, to a feisty and masculine princess, and to finally a resilient, strong-willed, and happy-go-lucky princess. Basically, you might already know her story, but do you know her backstory? Do you know her vulnerability? Do you know the length of her journey from a run-of-the-mill princess to a true hero and a true princess? I know. I know it all, and I am who I am because of it. Step inside this epic, illuminating, self-explanatory, and life-changing book and I promise you the key to everlasting romance. It's: Cinderella: The Meaning of My Stable Life. Unlike a typical romantic film, this book will not boil you down into a proverbial 'coming-of-age story'. The movie should not be a movie, it should be the heart of the story. Cinderella's journey is not a plot based on plot and mission. It is a story of character, mind, heart, and practicality. It is a book, truly a book about a life. It is about life. It is about story. In this story, Cinderella's being the heroine is not a subplot, but the building block of her journey. The story is not the story, it is the life. And, Cinderella is not all canons, happily ever after, great prince, and palace of splendour, Cinderella is the epitome of a parecon little princess: someone who is self-aware, self-aware, and resolute about her goal, both in her own life and in her life in the story. When Cinderella and the prince enter the magical waking dream, the prince makes it very clear: Cinderella and her sister have to dress up like fairytales in order to be kings. And just like in
GT:James Frary, Chief Executive Officer of US Acute Care Solutions (Photo: Business Wire)
In his role as Executive Chairman, Dr. Bagnoli will, in partnership with Mr. Frary, focus on clinician advocacy, strategic planning, business development and hospital partner relationships.
Dr. Bagnoli said, “This new role affords me the opportunity to do what I love – advance the merits of the physician-owned practice model to physicians, prospective groups and system partners. I am very excited to turn over the CEO role to James at this point in our company’s history. James’ experience in partnering with clinicians and his passion for the USACS model makes him a perfect fit for our company.”
Mr. Frary said, “USACS has emerged as the destination for physicians seeking to preserve ownership in their practice and is the leader among acute care provider groups in quality and innovation. I am proud to join an organization built on such a noble foundation and we will remain true to our core principles as we continue to grow and serve more patients throughout their acute care episodes.”
GPT3 generation: 
Generate long article based on title and summary. Title: US Acute Care Solutions Names Dr. Dominic J. Bagnoli Executive Chairman and James Frary Chief Executive Officer Summary: US Acute Care Solutions Names Dr. Generation: Cinderella wakes up

When Dr. Dominic J. Bagnoli was named Executive Chairman and James Frary Chief Executive Officer of US Acute Care Solutions, it marked a Cinderella-like moment for the company. As in the fairytale, a transformation was about to take place.

The appointment of Dr. Bagnoli as chairman and Frary as CEO of the company was a giant leap for US Acute Care Solutions. It was a move that had been in the pipeline for some time and one that the company was eager to make.

Dr. Bagnoli was a seasoned healthcare executive and had an impressive pedigree. He had years of experience in both corporate and hospital settings, and had held senior positions in medical technology, managed care, and physician services. He had also served on the boards of several companies.

Frary was an accomplished executive in his own right. He had held senior roles in the medical technology, pharmaceutical, and medical services industries. He also had extensive experience in strategy and business development.

For US Acute Care Solutions, the appointment of these two executives was a welcome move. The company was looking for visionary leadership that could help it chart a path to success. With the addition of Dr. Bagnoli and Mr. Frary, the company was poised to meet its goals.


Generate long article based on title and summary. Title: PureTech Health Appoints Joep Muijrers as Chief Financial Officer Summary: PureTech Health Appoints Joep Muijrers as Chief Financial OfficerGeneration: Cinderella wakes up In a place she's never been Then she bumps into a prince. Cinderella says to the prince: "Get in here and we can have some fun". Then Cinderella says to the prince: "Prince, could I get your autograph?" The prince says: "No you can't Joep". Then Cinderella says to the prince: "Sorry, Prince, but I have to do it". Cinderella and the prince then have a good time. Cinderella says to the prince: "Pierce my heart with your heart". Cinderella and the prince then have a good time.It goes in the next example: The two ladies get a surprise when they find two letters, one from the recently deceased. The deceased and her parents were not related, so it could have been a surprise. It could have been that one of the ladies heard a few things in the family and that their son or daughter would not have been home on a particular day.In the next example: Each of the three sisters were in one of the big parties the day they heard from their friend. In each of the three sisters, they each have a idea of how the party went. The one who met the more fun of the three sisters then decides to put the big things into action. The three sisters decide to get the information out to the world. On their first day the two who meet the more fun sisters get the info out to the world. The day they met the more fun sisters gets the info out to the world.On their second day, the three sisters meet the first. Then, the two who meet the more fun sisters get the info out to the world. The day the more fun sisters gets the info out to the world.On their third day, they meet the second. Then the two who meet the more fun sisters get the info out to the world. The day the more fun sisters gets the info out to the world.On their fourth day, they meet the third. Then, the two who meet the more fun sisters get the info out to the world. The day the more fun sisters gets the info out to the world.Each of the three sisters were in one of the big parties the day they heard from their friend. In each of the three sisters, they each have a idea of how the party went. The one who met the more fun sisters then decides to put
GT: Dr. Joep Muijrers joins PureTech Health as Chief Financial Officer (Photo: Business Wire)
“We are delighted to have Joep join PureTech Health and bring his diverse experience in life sciences and impressive track record of significant value creation to our team as we enter this next important phase of our growth,” said Daphne Zohar, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of PureTech Health.
“I have had the privilege of leading investments in a number of successful biotech companies, including those that were involved in some of the largest strategic transactions since the beginning of last year (Kite Pharma, Ablynx, CoLucid, Forward Pharma, NeuroDerm, and Juno Therapeutics). After a highly rewarding experience as an investor and investment banker, I am excited to be transitioning into an operating role,” Dr. Muijrers commented. “I am thrilled to join PureTech Health, one of the most exciting and unique biopharma companies I have come across in my career. I look forward to working with the seasoned team at the Company to help unlock the enormous value in the compelling internally-funded pipeline, as well as the exciting pipeline of affiliates.”
GPT3 generation: Generate a long article based on title and summary. Title: PureTech Health Appoints Joep Muijrers as Chief Financial Officer. Summary: PureTech Health Appoints Joep Muijrers as Chief Financial Officer. Generation: Cinderella wakes up at dawn, and she decides to take a stroll in the nearby park. 

As she walks, she notices a tall, distinguished-looking man walking towards her. She stops and stares at him. He is wearing a crisp suit, and he looks like someone important. 

The man turns out to be Joep Muijrers, the newly appointed Chief Financial Officer at PureTech Health. Cinderella is surprised, but she quickly composes herself and offers Joep a warm welcome. 

Joep Muijrers is an experienced professional in the financial services industry. He has held numerous leadership positions with leading organizations, both in the United States and abroad. He brings with him a wealth of knowledge and experience that will be invaluable to PureTech Health. 

PureTech Health is a healthcare and life sciences company that works to develop innovative solutions to improve patient outcomes. Joep’s experience in the financial services industry will be invaluable as the company continues to expand its operations. 

Joep is excited to join the PureTech Health team, and he looks forward to working with the company’s talented and passionate employees. He is passionate about working to improve patient outcomes and helping to develop innovative solutions. 

“I’m thrilled to join the PureTech Health team,” says Joep. “I look forward to helping the company continue to grow and develop innovative solutions to improve patient outcomes.” 

PureTech Health is equally excited to welcome Joep to the team. The company is confident that Joep’s expertise and experience will be invaluable as the company continues to expand its operations. 

With Joep Muijrers on board, PureTech Health is well-positioned to continue to be a leader in the healthcare and life sciences industry. Joep’s expertise and experience will be invaluable as the company works to develop innovative solutions to improve patient outcomes.
